# Alpha
Alpha is the ongoing expanding virtual assistance. Version 2 is an upgraded version

# Current Version status:
1. Version: 2.1

2. Version status: 2.0 is stable. 2.1 under Beta testing

3. Development status: Actively 

4. Bug fixes: Addressed

5. Requiring help in packing this project into an exe (scroll down for dev notes)
# Notes
All opinion are based on the internet. Do not feel offended if opinions generated by Alpha is inappropiate or not to your liking.
Alpha_main.py is still under development. It is uploaded for no reason

# Known problems
Chromium may be required if you run it on VM
# Sypnosis 

Alpha has been made in attempt to expand as a smart virtual assistant, yet being dumb at the same time to provide quick responses to your questions during your daily lives.

# Installation
For coders:
1. Install python 3.6 (64bit)
2. Run this line in your terminal
``` python -m setup.py install
```
3. Run usersettings.py
4. Good to go!

# Current Functions
1. Advanced search function
2. Google web scraping
3. Urban dictionary web scraping
4. Stack Overflow web scraping
5. Alarm
6. Check system information
7. Tell time, date, weather
8. Rickroll you
9. And more

# Privacy and piracy
1. WE do not hide backend as seen in our source code.
2. Currently, we have noticed that an inferior socialist supporter, namely, [Meow Zhe Dong] is attempting to commit piracy for burgers. Beware of him.

# TODO
Feel free to add more functions by issues and have fun!!


# EXE version
To be uploaded

# NOTE
Alpha V1-V1.3 will not be released due to instability


# Developer Notes

### Packaging into EXE 
You can easily do that with the help of pyinstaller with the following commands in terminal.
Installing dependencies
```
pip install pyinstaller
```

```
pip install pyinstaller[encryption]
```

Then run the following command for alpha_main
```
python -m eel alpha_main.py web --onefile --noconsole --key=abcdefghijklmnop
```
Note that alpha_main.py can be replaced by other python programs such as usersettings.
 "web" is the variable for the folder for all your web UIs (HTML related codes). 
 The onefile attribute puts all files into one single file for asthetics.
 noconsole attribute is used to hide the terminal but please remove it if you would like to debug the program easily. 
 Finally, key attribute is used for the encoding, it is optional but added for security.